I recently had a CRO I've worked with
for years, the deepest respect, reach
out to me in an almost panicked email. I
need to learn AI, right? I'll do
anything. I'll intern for you. I'll I'll
hang out with Amelia's office. I'll do
whatever. And I hear this all the time.
I need to learn. We hear it all. I need
to learn AI, Craig. It's part of my job.
I It's the simplest advice all this.
Like, no, you need to do AI.
Don't learn it. Buying a subscription to
Claude does not count as learning AI.
The way you're going to do it is pick an
agent in a gentic product. Pick the
simplest possible one use case. And I
know it can be scary for some people.
Deploy it yourself. Buy it. Set it up.
If you need a little bit of help
connecting it to your CRM or your
marketing, okay, that's okay. You don't
have to like do the connectors. Own the
deployment. You don't know what training
is. It's okay. Take your time. Do
something simple. If you deploy an agent
yourself, train it, QA it, test it, you
will be ahead of 90% of the world.
>> Hands on.
>> Yeah. yourself.
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform that grows with you every
step of the way. Learn how Salesforce
works for startups at
salesforce.com/smv.
That's salesforce.com/smv.
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
Hey everybody, get excited. Saster AI
London is this December, December 1st
and 2nd, and we're on track to
completely sell out with the playbooks
for AI and B2B. Join 2,000 plus BI and
AI leaders for 2 days. 2 days of
practical advice on scaling in the new
year. We'll have speakers flying in from
OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom, Finn, and
all your favorite B2B companies,
including yours truly with Harry
Stebings and more doing our live 20 VC
podcast. It'll be fun all in the heart
of London. Don't miss out. Get your
tickets. You can still go go to
podcast.sasterlondon.com.
That's podcast.sasterlondon.com
for a special discount just for you.
All right, welcome everybody. Uh my name
is Craig Swinser, the founder and CEO of
Qualified, and I'm joined today in
Qualified Studios by two very special
guests. Of course, we have Jason Lmin,
who's originally the founder and CEO of
Echosign, sold to Adobe in 2011. And of
course, everybody knows him today as the
founder and CEO of Zaster and also
Amelia Larut, who is the chief AI
officer. Yes.
>> Of Zaster, which is which is totally
awesome. Thank you so much for being
with us today. Thanks so much.
>> That's great.
>> All right. So, what does everybody want
to know about in today's day and age?
Agents. Uh what's going on out there in
the real world with agents? And Jason,
something I read, you know, that you
post on LinkedIn was people are
wondering, there's a ton of agent
platforms, Agentic Solutions, AI this,
AI that that are on the market right
now. Like where do I actually start? And
and then I think somebody wrote, you
know, what, you know, what's better,
Replet or lovable? Which AISDR platform
is the best? What AI tool is the best
for RevOps? And you had a killer answer
to that. Can you share that with us?
Yeah, it was learning because you know
we started we started 2025 behind. Um we
had a lot of AI speakers at Saster but
we were pretty AI lean here. We started
with one general tool and now we've
expanded to 20 agents and we use
qualified and 20 tools that are sort of
maybe 12 are part of our core
architecture which Ameilia can talked
about. But it took me a while to know
the answer to that question or to know
the answer between replet and lovable.
They're related. We could talk about it
but listen the today the world's going
to keep changing this stuff is new right
in fact most of these products I don't
know about qualified but certainly rep
and lovable didn't even work before like
cloud 4 okay it didn't even work before
the start of 2025 the pro replet level
didn't even exist replet existed for a
decade but the AI just wasn't good
enough so everything's changed
and what I learned is pick a leading
vendor for sure it does matter but you
training is more important training is
more important There are very few
agentic products at least that have some
level of complexity where you wanted to
do something like a qualified interact
with customers speak with authority
close deals right I mean Ameilia was
telling me last week qualified set up
seven appointments for us right on its
own now that sounds great and it is
great like put that as a case study
>> but it wouldn't have happened if we put
zero minutes of training into it right
100%
>> so I would rather listen you know we're
on the qualified podcast by qualified we
are super fans but more important is
just in any space, support, marketing,
sales, coding, just pick a leader and go
deep. Train it. Train it up front for 30
days. Commit the time and every day for
the next 30 days train it and then every
week and it sound first of all most
people don't know how to do it. And the
other thing is if you think I mean you
were at Salesforce think about how
people bought enterprise software before
AI. You would buy it from a sales rep.
Then you might hire an Accenture or a
Blue Wolf to deploy it over like a year
and you would hope and pray it worked
like the sales rep told you. Got it? No
one will tolerate that in AI this year.
No one will tolerate it. Time to value
actually often has to be even before you
get a contract signed, right?
>> And so and training is this key piece to
it. You got to train it. So that's I
mean I you know we love qualified. I'm
deep on replet versus lovable.
But in the replet versus lovable, they
are different, but most important is
just knowing the goddamn thing. Spending
a hund I'm a, you know, I've only 100
days into replet, but I'm probably 200
hour expert now to make it great. And so
that's that is just a sea change in how
we use software. We're used to buying
from a people person.
>> Mhm.
>> And then scaling it up over time and and
having humans do all the work, put the
leads in and the context. Those days are
behind us.
>> But remember the old adage which was
like no one got fired for buying IBM. So
in like the old days, people would wait
to see like who's the emerging leader.
So they would wait until there was like
the IBM and then they would go. But
you're just saying it, you don't have to
pick the leader, just pick a leader.
Like pick somebody, pick a leader, go
and go and and invest the time in
training it. And
>> we're also at a weird time where in many
categories there is no billion dollar AR
company yet. There is no you can say
you're a leader. U maybe qualified it's
the leader, but as great as qualified
is, it's not at a billionaire yet, I
don't think. Right. I haven't seen the
numbers yet. Not yet. So, so we are
seeing leaders emerge, but it's early.
But at the same time, what is different
from the old days, not only are leaders
emerging, but we've never seen so many
folks looking for new vendors. They're
either looking for new vendors because
they have AI budget. They're looking for
vendors because they're under pressure
from their boss to show AI innovation.
And it's for in it's in many cases, it's
the only only incremental budget. No one
is putting more budget into their old
SAS software. It's all going into AI.
And so everyone's in market. It used to
be I don't know what what you learned as
a marketer at Salesforce, but the
traditionally you'd hoped a prospect
would be in market every five to six
years, right, for a big buy, right?
Because it would take like a year to to
to get it going, the second year to
scale up, the third year to get
frustrated, and the fourth or fifth year
to start looking at a at a new solution,
and a fifth year, right? Now
everything's in market again. This has
never happened in maybe when the when
the web started, right? But everything's
in market. It's in total flux.
It means a lot of things for different
players. But if you're a buyer, just get
going.
>> It's the right peril, right? In 1999
2000, like everything was in flux. And
nobody knew
>> is peopleoft going to lead me to the
future of HR, you know, is seable going
to lead me to the future of
>> CRM and it's kind of like that same
thing right now like who's going to lead
me to the future of in our case go to
market but in all these other markets.
But even there you know as cloud got
bigger you know the only time I think in
our lifetimes we saw intense pressure to
go to the cloud was 2020. Okay. And that
was an an exogenous situation where
people I literally saw investments I
made. We saw it in e signatures, but I
saw it in companies I invested in like
talk desk for cloud contact center. Like
you could wait 20 years to decide if you
really wanted your contact center to go
to the cloud. And then in March 2020
2020, these businesses went 10x like
because I have no choice, right? But
that was the only time when people felt
like they had to go to the cloud
instantly. But now, yes, it is a small
subset of tech and and innovation, but
there's so much money in I need to go AI
today.
>> Right.
>> Right. And you got to be part of that if
you want to win.
>> For most companies, they're it's coming
tops down from their board. It's like
their board to the CEO to everybody
else. Move, move, move. And so, of
course, that's where the incremental
budget is coming from. You guys are a
unique company because of who you are
and what you do. But you said at the
beginning of this year, I had zero
agents. Yeah. And now I've got 20 agents
that are in production doing various
things. And Ameilia, you're the chief AI
officer of of of the company. What have
you got and kind of how have you done it
and what have you learned?
>> Yeah, we started with a platform for
advice, right? So SAS that Jason started
was for giving founders advice, giving
them, you know, how to hire my next VP
of sales, what should their comp plan
be, how should I hire the next CRO, when
to hire a CRO, don't hire, you know, a
marketer who's only going to give you
blue pens, like f now famously classic
advice, right? Peraster. And so we
started the year with no agents. And
we're like, okay, what's the number one
problem we have is like outside of SAS
annual or like SAS London, all these
events we do, people always want to ask
Jason a question, right? like they come
up to him. Even here at Dreamforce,
people come up to him, they ask him
questions and you can't really scale
that. And so we started with a platform
that's called Deli and it's a clone of
Jason. So it is all of your advice, your
social media, everything on Saster for
the last 12, 13 years in the clone. And
so
>> by the way, it's incredible for the
founders and entrepreneurs that are out
there.
>> It is incredible.
>> Go to saster.com in the bottom righth
hand corner, you'll see.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> Yeah. We were blown away at first how
good it was with training with training
with training
>> cuz it ingested all this faster which
was pretty I mean now I'm like oh a lot
of tools do that but back like at the
beginning of the year I was like that's
impressive
>> like it's a lot of it's like what
>> 20 million words of content a thousand
YouTubes all the tweets all the LinkedIn
it did break the ingestion engine but
once it did it was pretty good once we
>> did I'm like okay that's pretty magical.
>> So you started you call that Jason AI
>> that's the Jason AI
>> okay so you started with the Jason AI
and then where did you go from there? So
that was before our big event this year
which was in May. And so in the runup to
that famously we both were like okay
this is pretty cool and people are
starting to use it more often. They like
it for advice again classic like but now
it's like how do I hire VP of sales?
They have the conversation with the AI
and the AI can have follow-up
conversations. So now we'll see people
use it as like a co-pilot of oh hey I'm
thinking about hiring this person for my
VP of sales. What do you think of their
resume? Or I asked them this in an
interview and they asked me for this
comp. Should I push back on that? like
what would what would real Jason do? And
so that piece was cool and it's really
good at that and it still is to your
point. But where I kind of saw some
failings that we both saw, I was like
it's not as good at answering our actual
like saster needs of okay, we have this
event coming up.
>> So that's a specific use case of
basically trying to clone JSON.
>> But the interesting part for sure we
it's a horizontal
versus vertical agents, right? Deli is
as horizontal as it gets. There's almost
no workflow. There's there's maybe a
couple little triggers. It can't do
things that qualified can, but it can do
a little bit of everything. And so, it
was supposed to just be digital JSON.
And what was interesting is, and this is
an issue with a lot of agents, people
would start using it for support.
>> Okay. Hey, I I got a booth at Saster
Annual. Can I have popcorn?
>> And um and we didn't expect that.
>> Yeah.
>> And this is an an issue so many people
will have with AI agents is it will
people if it's any if it's good, if it's
bad, you'll have no ROI. If it's good,
people will start using it. You hear
this, I'm sure you hear it all the time.
People will use it for things you did
not envision. Yeah. If they trust it.
>> You got it.
>> So instantly people wanted it for for
issues with attending our events and for
sponsors and we're like, "Oh, well then
it started to hallucinate." Okay. It was
pretty good on my content.
>> And so we had a magical moment which is
we uploaded our perspectus.
>> Yes.
>> And it only took a certain amount of
context and training, but then it
started to get good. So then it was
pretty good. Yeah.
>> At doing maybe 20% of what qualified
could. But but here's the thing and the
people get this wrong. 20%'s a lot
better than zero. Like if we never used
qualified and only used this general
agent, we wouldn't have the seven
appointment because it can't set
meetings. It
>> But even 20%'s better than zero if it's
good.
>> Sure.
>> Just the fact that instead of it being
ghost like we used to use intercom and
it would be a weak response time.
>> Okay. So we switched to our agent and it
could instantly tell you about 90% right
your your your your customer question.
And so sometimes 20% is enough. That's
as far as we got. And then when we had
time after annual we're like okay let's
do better. Let's go from horizontal to
vertical
>> as a phase two. And I don't think that's
a bad approach for some folks like get
one thing working that's horizontal gets
confident and then go okay now let's do
SDR BDR marketing dedicated this
dedicated that. Right? So we went from
horizontal to
>> you know 12 verticalized agents in a
sense
>> but we knew in that process it set us up
for for where we are now like
successfully with multiple agents
because I think otherwise if it had
failed or if we expected too much out of
it I I don't know we probably would have
stayed on the one or something or dumped
it right so
>> I think that's where we're like okay
post annual when we have more time I
started to look for vendors like a
qualified an artisan a deli that we
could bring on that would make sense for
us right so has big scale but internally
were very small. So I was like okay the
number one thing that was driving me
crazy was two full like two things were
driving me crazy. The first being that
when you came to the website to become a
sponsor or buy a ticket is very
antiquated like fill out this contact
form which I hated. I was like not only
is this the worst of filling out a
contact form it's very dated and also
half the time I round robin it to our
sales team they don't follow up
>> right
>> so that at least half the time
>> at least half the time. So, like I'm
like half the time I know if I'm giving
it to like one of the better reps, it's
going to get followed up with instantly,
but I give it to the other rep because
it's their day on roundroin. I'm like,
they're either getting a response half
the time or not at all.
>> So, have you blown all that up and you
just do it all with agents now?
>> Yes.
>> And who manages the agents?
>> Right now, I do. This is why we changed
my title to chief AI office.
>> It's an issue. It's an it's an issue,
right? Uh just briefly, we can talk
about that. The learning for for folks
that watch took I didn't know this at
the time. Stairstep it. Yeah. Yeah,
>> I learned this for our agents and I
learned it on Replit. Okay, so the fact
that we went from Deli, a horizontal
agent, which basically can
self-ingesture content with no training
like you do need to but it's the least
amount of training of the tools in our
stack. Start easy, start broad, get a
few get a win under your belt.
>> Even if you started with say qualified
and I'm not total qualified, start for
the simplest use case, okay? Because if
you fail with your first agentic thing,
you not only will it is it frustrating,
you won't know. You won't know. Yes,
>> you just won't know because we had the
early win that that was better than
expected. Like our general digital Jason
could do some sales. It could do some
qualification and it would start to say,
you know what, Craig, you're not big
enough for Cesar annual this year. Don't
come. That was like great for us. Like
it would do it on its own. And so we we
gained confidence and then I know we
used different nomature from you, but
going from that to SDR to BDR. So going
from outbound to inbound for us,
different people are different.
>> For us outbound was easier than inbound.
We didn't It was less risky to send a
better email than a mediocre human than
to trust an agent with a with with a
precious lead.
>> You got it.
>> Right. Yeah. So,
if you want to go to the most complex
part,
at least learn somehow learn first
because it's just too risky. But if you
can stair step this stuff, you will
build confidence by your second third
agent or deployment. And we didn't intu
successful. We stairstepped. I think
every company is probably a little bit
different, but like the stairst step, we
always talk about you got to you got to
crawl, walk, run. Everybody like sees
the prize of like I'm going to be
sprinting and you're like, whoa, you
know, where do I start? And you got to
get the quick win. You got to build the
confidence internally. You got to kind
of learn the tool. You got to invest the
time and like
>> you have to invest.
>> But it doesn't take that long. You guys
had zero agents at the beginning of this
year
>> and now you have 20.
>> Yeah.
>> So it's not like we're talking about
crawl, walk, run in three years. we're
talking about in months, right?
>> Yeah. But I don't want to hear Amelia's
thoughts. I would say there's different
ways you could count because I think
there's there's agents that are
simplistic and there's rich agents and
there's agents that take more of your
time than others,
>> but we think of us as maybe having 12
prime agents.
>> I don't without another human. This is
about the most we can do. Like we could
I don't we it was fun. Now like the the
bar is so high for us to add a 13th core
tool. It better we will. There's some
stuff that is not automated, but it is,
you know, the because you wake up,
Amelia wakes up in the morning. Used to
be me when I trained our journal. I
mean, it's an hour of work in the
morning dealing with the outputs and
you're thinking about it all day.
>> But you said a couple of times, I can't
remember what show it was on, but you
said you put in an hour in a a day and
you'll reap the rewards of doing that.
We'll never go back.
>> Yeah, I'll I'm never going back. No, for
sure. like well I do think stairstepping
was very important like to your both of
your both of your points there but I
think part of it too is like when I
spend that hour in the morning it's an
hour I used to spend with people like
okay when we we had human SDRs and human
BDRs that again would maybe half the
time follow up with an inbound lead or
half the time maybe a quarter of the
time spent an outbound right like maybe
even worse for outbound
like this was an hour I would spend with
those people either doing one-on- ones
or going through accounts or you know
going through accounts they should be
following up with or again like hey
here's a lead here's what they did with
Aster like giving them the context of
what people have done with Aster. So
instead of that hour going to that now I
just spent an hour with the agent. I'm
like okay the agent I wake up in the
morning I'm like okay the qualified
agent has booked already you know
whatever a couple meetings with David. I
can see the conversation. I can give him
any context. I can be like hey David you
know just because we use momentum too.
I'll be like okay read the pre-eread in
Momentum so you can see what they did
with us before. Make sure you just open
it off so it'll move the stage for you.
And then like done. And then I'll check
on like I literally go agent to agent.
Like I'll go qualified I'll go artisan.
I'll go deli now. I go agent force. Like
I just go through all of our agents and
I just check on them for that hour.
>> But let me get your perspective on this.
You said that same hour you used to
spend with
>> people
>> with people. Yeah.
>> Right. And inevitably some of those
people would move on from your
organization or you'd find that maybe
they weren't the best and like you'd
part ways in some way. But that hour you
spend with the agent
>> is so much more
>> compounds over time. Have you found
that?
>> Yeah. It's so much more productive. I
would say in the early days for any
platform you get that's agentic, right?
Most of your time is going to be more
than an hour and it's going to be
setting it up. Like all these at the
forefront required a lot more setup
time, right? Like it just does because
either you have to fix your data or it
needs to talk to something else, it
needs to talk to something else or like
us. I was like, you know, I thought we
had okay data quality in Salesforce and
then I was like, no, it's terrible.
>> But it exposes that.
>> It exposes that, right?
or like famously when we hooked up
momentum which is like a bit of a
recorder and a complimentary go to
market tool to qualified. We had
somebody leave our team that day because
what it does is it will slack you a
summary. It does a lot of stuff but
it'll slack you a summary after each
sales call and it'll also slack me
anytime like a new opportunity is opened
or a meeting's booked or like whatever.
And this rep was like I have no
activity. So like it literally exposed
that like what are you going to do? you
have to quit that day. You you like you
can't hide. You're going to be found out
instantly. So, yeah, instead of my hour
now being with those people, I spend an
hour with all of our agents in the
morning. Again, used to be set up. Now,
I check on all of them. I see if there's
any follow-ups we need to do. And then I
do more things now, right? Like, used to
be, okay, I'm going to set up all the
platforms to do their core things. I'm
going to set up inbound, outbound
support, ticket information, event
support, like whatever we need. We have
that all set up now with our agents.
Then I was like, "Oh, now I can do
email." Like, I can deanonymize some of
our website traffic. I can send them a
follow-up campaign if they didn't
actually buy a ticket. Maybe it doesn't
matter if they were on the website or
not. Like, now we have all these
different use cases that it's started to
compound itself because I'm like, now I
can just do a lot more in that one hour
with like my five core agents than
talking to two humans, 30 minutes each
in.
>> But it is more like this is as a
society, we're going to have to figure
this out. It is because you can do more
work. It it is a higher cognitive load.
You have to think more, right? You don't
you don't spend time arguing with
people. As I say with Amelia, the agents
don't cry. Okay. They don't cry. And u
and that is exhausting, right? But it's
exhausting in a different way, right?
Exactly. You know, if someone's going to
cry meeting with you, Craig, you just
have to sit there for an hour. Okay. But
you don't have to think, you don't have
to use all your brain cells for an hour,
do you? With your agents, it's so many
brain cells. And that's that's and so I
just think that you know even if you
think about coding you know everyone I
just wrote this up everyone brags that
50% of our code of qualified is written
by by a cursor or but that doesn't mean
your engineers only work three hours a
day does it?
>> No not really.
>> Yeah. And so I haven't seen a lot of
engineers complain about but I do think
for the best engineers there's more
cognitive load because you can do more.
It's not as simple as doing more
releases. That's more you have to think,
okay, you know, engineering is very
creative. And so the more of the road
stuff that's done, it's fun, but it's
exhausting. You know, you might have to
think about how to make that agent work
better eight hours a day instead of
three hours a day. It's much better, but
it's but I don't know that everyone can
make the jump,
>> right?
>> Where do people start? You you you did a
post that was about the layup roles.
Yeah.
>> And can you define like what are these
layup roles if somebody's like
>> you have now almost a year's worth of
experience.
>> Yeah. and getting agents into
production. You've seen what works. You
you've seen what doesn't work. What are
these layup roles? Where should people
start?
>> I think the layup,
maybe it's Captain Obvious. The layup
are the things where there is a tool
that exists that is trustworthy where
it's just not getting done in your org.
Right? And there are a lot of reasons it
might not get done in your org. It might
be an area that's tough to hire in. You
might be in a geography that's tough to
hire in. It might just be your DNA,
right? There are companies that are very
sales- ccentric organizations. There's
companies that are very product
ccentric. If you like hate salespeople
and you like product, maybe you should
start with agentic sales, right? If you
love sales and that's your superpower,
right? Maybe get an AI to help you as an
SE, right? Or to help you to to support
you as as sales as a superpower. So
don't try to replace the stuff that's
sort of working. Look at where like
there's literally no one doing the work,
right? And so there's a lot of them, but
but but at at a basic level, you know,
the two areas that have that took off
the most quickly were support and and
programming engineering, right? A lot of
us have terrible support. Ter terrible
support, right? So that's still that's
still the easiest layup of all. Like go
try your own support yourself as a
founder, an executive. I bet nine times
out of 10 you're going to cry how bad
your support is. Not all of you, but but
people are often in tears when they do
it.
>> 100%. I think a recent
>> How was I treated this way?
pretend qual you just had a huge issue
with qualified. I know qualified never
goes down and does any problems but go
to go go go to your go go go and say
listen I have a P1 issue this is broken
and it'll say we get back to you in a
week or I don't understand the problem
right or you know you just you just want
to you start there right
>> and that's where we've seen the adoption
of agents like customer support even
internal IT help desk
>> coding and then you get like go to
market in in in in sales and marketing
>> but I would say for us like so we our
order is ours we we so so the generalist
was easy. Outbound, we couldn't get our
SDRs to do outbound, so that was the
lowest hanging fruit.
>> But our qualification was terrible.
>> Yeah.
>> That process of going to a website,
clicking on something, and hoping over
the next week a human would get back to
you. That was like when we deploy
qualified, it didn't have to be that
good.
>> Yeah.
Now listen, it's great, but the bar,
it's not like we had a great team of
qualifying of 10 people where we had an
SLA where every every pro if every
prospect got back to in 5 minutes with
100% time by a by a product expert, we
might have waited a year, right? But
that was it wasn't it was close to
broken, but none of our SDRs being
willing to send an email was more
broken. Well, of course, I mean, you
guys are a unique company, but I think
every single go to market organization
has some flavor of what you just said,
which is you got high turnover of the
people. You got people that are three
months on the job. How could they know
your products? How could they know your
competitors? How could they know your
market? Like, how could they know all
this stuff? And then they'll only work a
certain number of hours a day. And some
don't like the job and they don't put in
the effort. And like, everybody has some
like flavor of this with these types of
roles. Yeah.
>> And that's when you look at AI and
you're like, "Oh my gosh." like I could
just do so much better at
>> it is. But I think the failure that I
see especially CMOs make is they're
looking for a hero purchase.
>> They want to go to their boss to the CEO
or whoever and say, "I bought AI."
>> Yeah. I think everybody right now wants
that hero purchase.
>> And um it listen, I'm not saying you
shouldn't save your job, but I guarantee
it's probably going to fail because that
hero purchase is probably going to be
aligned with something you're decent at.
The bar is so high and you're not going
to know how to train it because it's
your first agent. So, you're looking for
you're you're solving medium high
hanging fruit because it's already
working and you've never done it before
and you don't know how to train and
onboard it. Like, I know you're going to
get that. There are a bunch of apps we
know that have done really well as the
hero apps and maybe buy it. It's just a
little bit of money, but I would not
deploy it first. I would leave it on the
shelf and deploy something where your
org is just isn't doing it. Just it's
not happening right. And then you get a
win, right? But I just, you know, some
of these hero apps, we just watch them
fail again and again. And I and I hadn't
fully reflected because one of the
reasons is that it's not necessarily the
most broken problem in their org,
>> right?
>> Just making if AI is only going to make
something 20% better, maybe 2025 is not
the year.
>> Maybe that's a 2026 project.
>> So this is about this is about picking
everybody I think has started. I think
like we're sitting here in the fall of
2025. Very few people are like I haven't
even thought about this. There's
probably been some experimentation like
there has at your organization
throughout the course of the year, but
as all of this is coming together, you
said something on a recent interview
that was about, you know, what's
happening to SAS and that's what people
are kind of wondering.
>> Is SAS dead is like kind of the the the
mega theme of the moment right now and
how are AI agents changing all that, but
you've got a long history, Jason, in the
SAS industry. In fact, you created a
company called Saster. So, I'm you run a
massive conference called Saster annual.
you know, what do you see going on in
the world of SAS and how is that
transforming in the age of AI?
>> Well, look, um, some of this is
marketing and hysteria, right? SAS is
dead.
But, uh, there's there's a lot of truth
in it. Let's let's step back. I mean,
two things. One, AI is putting more CIO
budget and probably more SMB budget into
business software than ever before. In
its own way, it's like the title wave of
2020 because we needed all of a sudden
budgets went up because everyone was at
home, right? So budget budgets for e
signatures for context it just there was
no limits, right? We're not like that
today, but tradition now here's a
stressor. Traditional budgets are
frozen. In fact, CEOs are still going
around the table at the end of the year
and telling every functional head to cut
some SAS apps. Right? We had Cass who
just took over CEO of Open Door. He told
them they had to get rid of 20 or 30% of
their SAS apps or was you know they're
gone the first week. That still seems to
be a layup. Like we want you to cut the
number of apps. You have it's we have
app bloat and worse. Um half of our
incremental budgets going to price
increases. Salesforce raised prices 8%
this year 6%. That compounds. So if I'm
growing my IT budget 6% and my core
vendors are all raising prices 7 to 8%.
How much room is there for another
business process workflow app? Like I'm
sorry the cap of the vendor cutting the
vendors and all the incremental budget
going to price increases is tough.
That's also why even the leaders are
struggling with upsell, right? If all
that budget went into my my price
increase at Salesforce, it's probably
harder to buy another cloud, isn't it?
At at the margin, right? But there's so
much AI budget and when you add it
together, business software is growing
faster than it has ever before. But if
you don't tap into that AI budget, it's
tough. There just isn't budget. It's
just not there. So if you're selling the
way you sold in 2021, this is one of 50
reasons it's dead. There's not the
budget's harder. It's all going to
existing investors. Inflation and price
increases are doing all and all the
energy is in AI first solutions. So if
that's you, it feels dead. It feels like
these are all the people on LinkedIn.
The playbook doesn't work. Outbound's
dead. Nothing works. Events don't work.
>> You know, tell it to anyone that's on
fire. It all works. Meeting with your
customers works. Outbound works if
anyone wants to buy your product, right?
you said something like classic SAS is
in fact dead or it's geriatric or
something like that but B2B software BB
software right now is exploding.
>> Yeah.
>> And that like that's something that is I
think maybe it's kind of obvious if you
live here in Silicon Valley but when you
look at the software industry from the
outside in it's like a tale of two
cities.
>> Tail of two cities. Yeah. But the simple
question I ask founders who are
struggling, right, is what if if you
haven't figured it out yet, what can you
do in you already have a thousand
customers, 5,000, 10,000, what can you
do in AI that couldn't be done before
that's magical, that's 10 times better?
Let's take a pause and figure this out
in your space.
>> 10 times better. Like you
>> But usually there is an idea. Usually
there's an idea, right? I mean even a
we're here at Dreamforce when a if agent
force were fully deployed at Mark's
vision like if everyone was live with
agent force everyone had all this
automated across a million workflows it
would be magical wouldn't it
>> it would be
>> yeah it would be magical so you maybe
Mark's not can't do I mean it's so much
business process change right I mean you
work there right but at least that's the
answer I think I think it's the right
answer but for if you're if you if
you're running a company if you don't
have that answer today you get an F
>> so let's talk we're here at Dreamforce
let's talk about the angentic enterprise
which is kind of the vision that that
Salesforce was was is talking about at
this conference. How long does a company
have do you think to get on board the
the train before they just miss the
train? How fast do people need to be
>> till Halloween which is like
>> for a startup? I said Halloween.
Halloween's the very latest. Halloween's
for a start for a startup.
>> Yeah, because you're going to get out
competed if you're a startup, right?
>> Okay. So, you're already behind
>> like two weeks. two weeks or you're
already behind.
>> I'll tell you, you know, maybe it's
mean. Every VC I know, every investor I
know where the startup hasn't made the
jump yet, they've given up.
>> Mhm.
>> Now they've lost hope.
>> Okay, tell me more.
>> They've all lost hope because it's not I
mean, you could make when Chat GBD came
out, we could all make fun of it, right?
I mean, I I honestly didn't get it at
first. Like, there were so many
hallucinations, right? But if you didn't
pay attention to how everything changed,
at least at the start of 2025, and
didn't have a plan, there's no excuse.
Everything's great now. In fact, even
mediocre software just got better when
you put the fours in, right? Claw four.
You can take the same I don't know how
qualified changed, but I bet you it's a
five times better product just changing
the LLM. I'm like I tell this the story
about qualified. I don't know if it's
true, but I know it's true. I'm like the
reason they're having to glow up because
they've been they've been doing this for
a while. Like they have a great team,
but you stick a better LM. It was me and
it was I mean Replet took 10 years to
get to a million, right? They add they
add Cloud 4, now they're at almost 200
million in one year, but it's the same
IDE, right? It's the same software,
right? So my point is everyone that's
sees other companies know okay we'll
give you 2023 if you didn't figure it
out totally cool we get it right 2024
you had to be you could be a critic like
you might start losing deals to the all
these hota companies but at least you
could have a principled position this
stuff wasn't going to work there's no
excuse in 2025
>> so Halloween you've had 10 months you
don't have anything in production that
is disruptive
>> you that you you're not working at an
acceptable speed in the age of AI you
have already lost you may it may not be
over, but you got to get rid of most of
your team at a minimum and start over.
You have to reboot your ent if you're
not in market with a disruptive AI agent
as a startup on Halloween. You need a
brand new team, a brand new team, maybe
even 80% of them got to go and and you
give them a nice Thanksgiving bonus and
a turkey and tell them they got to go
because you've had you've had 10 months.
>> How about on the how about on the flip
side? Not for the not for the technology
vendors but for
>> businesses out there in our case
marketing sales organizations that are
out there even at you know thousand plus
person companies fortune 500 enterprises
how fast do they need to be adopting
relative to what you see going on in
like the the technology ecosystem
>> well I don't know what a million I mean
honestly I mean I know this is an
annoying thing to say but it really does
vary
>> if literally your business is fine if
it's your business has not changed since
a year ago If if your growth is as good
as better as it was 12 months ago,
you're in a traditional industry.
Everything's working
there, you can be a late adopter. You
don't h not everyone has to. There's a
lot of pressure to be an early adopter
from a lot of companies. Um, and there's
a lot of reasons there's that pressure,
but if it's not external, if it's
doesn't exist, be a late adopter. You
know, qualified is gonna be a better
tool in a year. It's a much better tool
than a year ago, you just said, right?
It's a much better tool, right? I know
you want I know you want them today but
here's the thing about like if I know
replet so well I can't tell you in a 100
days how much better replet is than I
started it's not a little bit better
it's epically better so there is there
are early adopter advantages in AI but
there if you can if you can wait as a
customer as a deployer there are late
adopter advantages too right maybe if
qualified can't do what I want to do in
a year rather than classic SAS buy it
anyway and brute force it
>> I'm not dropping out of your pipeline
I'm not buying another vendor But hit me
up in the summer.
>> Yeah.
>> When it really cuz you know we used to
we've all been in the old SAS days when
a customer would come in and say, "I
need this." And you would promise it in
the contract and it didn't exist. I
think those days are dying
>> in AI. Don't promise me it'll be here in
a year like we used to do to close a big
deal.
>> Now with AI, we just just show me the
agent that it works and if it's not
ready, I don't blame you. I get it's
early. Come back to me when it works.
>> Me either. Yeah. It might be there in
three months. So, for example, we're
doing on your website, we're doing
Amelia AI, and we're turning into your
face, right? And you're super excited
about that. And we're going to have you
in our studio and film a whole behind
thes scenes episode on it.
>> Yes.
>> And you know, some people are going,
"Ah, you know, it's not quite right."
And it
>> the the voice interrupt detection is
it's not it's not everyone is very quick
to point out all the little flaws.
>> Yes. And like my message back to them is
just like just wait nine months like and
all those things that you are are
nitpicking about right now those are
going to be gone. Yeah.
>> But even in that point right it's like
okay talking to the Jason AI or now the
AI more so like on our event sites for
like support or sales tickets
sponsorships whatever it is like half
the time right now our next events in
London. So half the time I wake up and I
spend this hour with our agents. most of
the conversations for London have
already happened because when we wake up
in Pacific time, it's their afternoon,
it's their evening. And at first, I was
nervous. I was like, "Okay, we're going
to deploy the qualify, but like what if
it does answer things wrong and I'm not
there to like catch it because I'm not
awake." And so, I got over that with,
you know, training and help from your
team. And we got it. I was like, "Okay,
never mind. It's pretty good." Like,
it's good. Like, it knows enough and it
knows when to escalate, which is nice of
like, okay, it'll say like, "Oh,
>> it's better than when you started with."
>> It's better than when I started. Yeah,
for sure. So, like that part has been
really nice. I've gotten a lot of
comfortability around it, but I am
excited to add the voice and video
portion to it because I'm like it could
now I trust it to do more overnight,
right? Like I trust it fully now on chat
to like answer people's question. It's
it's a seller. Like literally it's been
selling tickets to our events. Like I
can it's done I was just looking at it
this morning. It's probably done 100
tickets to our London event. I don't
know how long we've been non-qualified.
Six weeks.
>> Definitely helpful. At least
>> eight weeks. Yeah. 100 out of like 2,000
is not nothing. Like that's a pretty
good percentage of people. Awesome.
Yeah. Pretty awesome. And so now I'm
like, "Oh, let it do more." Like let it,
you know, have let let's do the voice
and video. Like let it can sell tickets.
Sure. But it can also start to be a
co-pilot. Like the Amelia AI, much like
the Jason AI, can turn into our agent
like event co-pilot of, "Oh, hey, I saw
you're coming to London. you already
bought the ticket cuz I got you to buy
the ticket as the agent, but now let me
tell you about like the networking cuz
you didn't sign in for like your
networking yet or you haven't booked
your sessions yet. Like let me tell you
what sessions to book like or let me
just talk to you cuz like real Amelia is
asleep but Ameilia AI is awake and can
answer your questions. Like half the
time I see unqualified it is current
like ticket holders responsors asking it
questions like we used to get before
annual of like hey I forgot it was the
first or hey I forgot the link for the
hotel block or remind me what hotel the
venue is and it will just answer all
these things again overnight while I'm
sleeping which is kind of crazy and cool
cuz that's what it should do right like
it should empower you to talk to your
customers whenever 24/7 because the AI
doesn't sleep but real Amelia has to and
then let it do more. Like I just have
all these edge cases now of like how I
want to use it because we've built trust
in our agent and now also people people
will walk up to me and they'll be like
you're that Ameilia AI. I'm like yeah
I'm I'm I'm Amelia. So yeah that's my
that's my AI that you talk to. And so
that's my I know Blake has had the same
experience because she's your piper.
>> But that and that's a little funky
because I'm like okay now when we get to
London people are going to be like oh I
had this whole conversation with you.
>> Yeah. And I'll have to either say it was
my AI or fess up. It happens on
outbound, too. Like I get the question
all the time on outbound like, "Hey, is
this really Ameilia or is this an agent
of Amelia?" And it's but it's always
after a purchase. So I'm like, it
already doesn't matter. Like it doesn't
matter if it was real me or AI me or one
of my agents because you got the value
>> and people are getting so comfortable
>> correct
>> with this.
>> Yeah.
>> You guys are so awesome for stopping by
our studio today. Just one final
question. Do you have any words of
advice for are the listeners of this
podcast are primarily go to market
executives, marketing leadership, people
kind of in the revenue line, B2B
companies, and they're probably like
tuning into this and they're like,
>> "What's your advice? What you know, you
don't you don't speak on behalf of any
specific vendor, but you you see it all
in a way that almost nobody else does."
I'll tell you mine first. You go. You go
left. Sure. I I recently had a CRO I've
worked with for years, the deepest
respect, reach out to me in an almost
panicked email. I need to learn AI,
right? I'll do anything. I'll intern for
you. I'll I'll hang out with Amelia's
office. I'll do whatever. And I hear
this all the time. I need to learn. We
hear it all. I need to learn AI, Craig.
It's part of my job. I It's the simplest
advice all this. Like, no, you need to
do AI.
Don't do it. Don't learn it. Buying a
subscription to Claude does not count as
learning AI.
>> The way you're going to do it is pick an
agent in a Gentic product. Pick the
simplest possible one use case. And I
know it can be scary for some people.
Deploy it yourself.
>> Yeah.
>> Buy it. Set it up. If you need a little
bit of help connecting it to your CRM or
your marketing, okay, that's okay. You
don't have to like do the connectors.
Own the deployment. You don't know what
training is. It's okay. Take your time.
Do something simple. If you deploy an
agent yourself, train it, QA it, test
it, you will be ahead of 90% of the
world.
>> Hands-on.
>> Yeah. Yourself, not your team. Y
>> and don't learn it. Don't learn it. I
you know, we do so many workshop
Wednesdays with CMOs that are like, oh,
we encourage our team to use any AI tool
they want. Like we we we allow them to
to try perplexity if they want and we
encourage them to to to learn recipes
online. I'm like you will never learn a
go to motion in today's you got to do it
right and and it it can be scary to some
people that don't want to do it. It is
different. It is different learning how
to deploy and and train an agent. It's
not what we were taught five years ago
and it is scary to people but it is not
impossible. But if you don't do it
hands- on keyboard you will not have a
job. And literally I'll give you another
example then I want you hear me. For
example, one of the another CMO who I
love. I've gotten her her last two jobs.
Obviously, I recommended her. Just
reached out after many years. She's
ready for her third. And I'm like, I
don't even mean I got nothing for you. I
was really direct. I'm like, can I be
honest with you? She like, yeah, I
always trust you, Jason. I got nothing
for you. I gave you five ideas. I got
nothing for you. Why? You don't know
this stuff yet.
You don't know this stuff yet. You go
out and deploy an agent. Tell me how it
worked. Tell me how the training went.
Tell me this. You come back to me. I'll
get you two jobs. I got nothing. I got
nothing for her. And honestly, because I
get a lot of folks,
>> I know it's stressful to be a CMO, but
I'll tell you, it's a weird thing.
>> There is much more demand than CMOs
think.
>> If you I I know a hundred CEOs today
that for a great marketer, they are they
are desperate, okay? They'll do anything
for a great marketer, but they do not
want someone running the Marquetto,
you know, 2019 playbook. Then there's
just no interest in hiring that person.
So, you got to do it. You got to suck it
up. You got to do it. It is scary.
>> Yeah,
>> like it is. So, do something simple, but
if you don't,
that's that's that's my best advice.
>> I would say I'll take the founder
perspective, which is like I was just
talking to founder this week because
we're at Dreamforce on She was asking
about all of our agents. She's like,
"How's it going? What do I need to
know?" Like, I I have some agents, but
I'm worried about I'm next worried about
rolling this out to our sales team. like
I'm worried about sales specifically for
go to market AI because I don't know how
our 50 sellers are going to react. Like
I think they're they might revolt or
some of them might quit. And I said
that's okay.
>> Let them like
>> it's okay. It's almost Halloween.
>> It's okay. Like it's nearing the end of
2025. I think if your team can't get
there over the hurdle, some of them may
quietly leave and that is okay. But I
was like, you can't forsake the future
of your company and how much faster it
could grow with AI booking meetings,
doing outbound for you to not hurt
people's feelings. I was like, you have
to just go for it. Like, rip the
band-aid. Like, you got to go for it.
Obviously, try and do it in the right
way where you can show them that they
can be empowered with the AI. They can
have more use cases. They should
actually be excited to do it because
they can crush their quota with AI.
Like, they should be roaring to get the
AI going, not like scared of it, right?
So, I'm like, if you see those people
that start to hide in the corner, maybe
it's okay if they quietly, you give them
a turkey and you let them weed
themselves out, right? But the other
folks will want it because they can do
more. They can sell more. They can buy
another purse or whatever it is for the
holidays, right? Because they'll crush
their quota with AI. Like, they can book
more meetings. They can have better
conversations. They can get more inbound
meetings. Like, they could just 10x
themselves as like AES and sellers once
they get over that fear. And I think a
lot of people, the best ones, will. But
I was like, you just got to do it. Like,
you just got to go for it and not worry.
I was like, I know you're the founder,
so sometimes you do have to talk to
people and have therapy in your one-on-
ones, but I was like, this is not one of
those times. Like, just go for it.
>> That That's actually a perfect way to
end this podcast. Rip the band-aid off
because we got to go.
>> We got to go, guys. Almost 2026.
>> Well, Jason Amelia, thank you so much
for being on the podcast here today in
Qualified Studios. You've been awesome.
Thanks so much.